welcome to the broken heart gallery
[Music]
Lucy do you think you want to try
getting out of bed today
we're getting smell complaints from the
city have you just been masturbating and
braiding your hair for three weeks my
vibrator will never break my heart
well it will break your vagina Lucy
listen you're in completely different
places you need to get a grip he's with
someone else now how do you get over
someone what why any micro loosely joint
less silver Prius and also I have had
the worst night of my life
this isn't a lift this is my car hello
I'm sorry no I'll cancel you're not at
all so who are you my name is Nick okay
good night face you can't have a good
relationship because you're constantly
mourning the old one you keep something
from every relationship at least get rid
of the X in the Mobilio Lucy would also
Nick you just magically show up
everywhere are you my stalking
[Applause]
the car was just pregame this is where
you actually murder me
I'm trying it into a boutique hotel do
you see this time it's the only thing I
have left from my last relationship why
don't you leave it here a nail perfectly
placed you look at that like art in a
gallery I can help with the hotel in
exchange for gallery space course we
could use the help
you start tomorrow get us the coffee
nothing with actual dairy he gets really
sensitive and it's Tommy hey Nick can I
come in how did you get in here
your roommates and we're sharing
something and you are not wearing any
pants
stitches this map was here this morning
yep there are broken people out there
like me people let go and move on is
this the heartbreak we're in the right
place welcome are you ready to hand it
over it has an odor we're in business
baby
love makes you do crazy stupid
irrational things remember me what's
this guy doing here guys
welcome to the broken heart gallery
heartbreak is the loneliest feeling in
the world and the truth is it happens to
us all I think you should put your penis
in his vagina oh I should put my penis
in his BJ
my flock this will not be a war of
heroes nations will slaughter each other
why are we kept rates
this is going to be fun
you cannot keep me locked away as the
world burns son the truth is the world
is rule
by corruption and greed we must do
something
certainly
[Music]
we are the first independent
intelligence agency refined but brutal
civilized merciless
welcome to the club hello it's time to
pour fuel
[Music]
on the fire of revolution yes I should
welcome Englishman or Rasputin your
reputation precedes you
[Music]
ports and this as gentlemen after all
why is it that boys are always so messy
[Music]
yeah
are you familiar with these parts of the
frontier not with this part not yet
[Music]
there is an episode of hysteria about
the barbarians I have orders to obey
[Music]
I'm speaking of particular situations
situations where I am probing for the
truth since all is not well here I
expect further measures will be taken
some draws out conducting operations to
correct the situation that you've
allowed to develop I hope they do to you
you want me to take you back to your
family the barbarians whom you are
chasing this is their land they know
every inch of it you do not do you
really say that there will be a great
war against the Empire
pain is truth that is how you get it you
have no idea how tiresome your behavior
is
you are an obscene torture we have set
procedures ready to go intrusiveness Lee
consorting with the enemy
get out I want these people out of here
[Music]
we will end these troubles
[Applause]
we will put down the enemy
and that will be the end of it is this
Clark this interstellar coming don't see
Clark oh maybe he's still sleeping
dad market fragments are now expected to
enter our atmosphere
that's right now know just why they say
mommy Sam what are you going
I don't know when first chance is about
to hit it's only part of it it's going
oh
but you look at that oh yeah what is the
explosion
we now are getting word that the
fragment has gets Central Florida
wait are some more pieces gonna hit come
on let's go two days they got it all
wrong there's a ton of fragments
planet-killers space agencies are
predicting an extinction-level events
we're gonna be together
alright kiddo you just try to get to
safety they've been tracking the
military flights to bunkers and
Greenland it certainly shots
[Music]
we'll find you it's okay fourth-largest
fragment will hit in less than 24 hours
I swear I'm gonna get my family in a
bunker I know you will sir
[Music]
if you are hearing this broadcast seek
shelter immediately what is it what's
wrong
[Music]
immediately seek shelter immediately
what if we could split a baby half a
share in one baby but I would want the
whole pregnancy to myself I'd only want
to do it if it was my kid genetically
well I'm apparently I'm a carrier of
this rare double earlobe gene in my
family I've heard about the earlobes his
uncle has three his triple
you guys are actually serious about this
here's the two couples one baby and no
regrets
[Music]
he'll never regret having kids
IVF cost thirty five thousand per
attempt usually doesn't take more than a
couple of trunks natural donor
insemination it's just what it sounds
like it would have to be clinical yeah
like a medical procedure I just keep
picturing them thrusting right I got it
and then she's looking at him thrusting
huh okay he's looking at her thrusting
well very specific imagery it's a lot of
thrusting
[Music]
I like the idea of having kids just not
the idea of having kids
[Music]
here trying to find the person that you
love the most in this world
the person that you want to spend your
life with and then the two of you
conspire to create a third person that
you like better than each other
[Music]
this isn't working
yes hi I'm Danny DeVito I'm Raven Symone
Patrick corporate Harvey Fierstein
Sylvester Stallone well Sean Harris Tron
Gilbert Gottfried was heaven grievious
James Arnold Taylor in mckennon hi I'm
Emily Blunt I am the voice of Zoey and
I'm John Krasinski the voice of Owen in
the new animated movie animal crackers
which we are very excited to show you
the world premiere of the trailer what
happened to that WiDi kid used to love
the circus he grew up I'm eating dog
biscuits for a job then you go blue what
do you have here that's kind of weird
[Music]
[Applause]
how do these things work it's magic
you're a special kid your uncle saw
there you are now the proud owners of
one
this is what you always wanted I mean
this is your future this this is our
future this isn't a future everything
that was special about this circus is
gone
when's it gonna end are you soon enough
didn't come here to see acrobats I have
to do something
like what
[Applause]
you're not what you see Peter why would
someone I want you to be alive anymore
what are you talking about Oh two to
seven confirmed subjects close
[Music]
I know you like Ava but she's a
liability no no no she's best to breathe
I recruited her at Ranger I'm good
promise you keep your head down kiddo
management will be watching on this one
you did something bad I wouldn't have
sent me have you had who was responsible
company had nothing to do with it you
don't believe that Duke you keep
breaking protocol I asked you to marry
me and then you just disappear for eight
years
she's always been Jukes favor but she's
a loose cannon and a dangerous of the
organization I want her killed
tell them to their finger I don't care
which
I warned you I'm not going to be able to
protect you a second time
you need to rescind the kill order you
know I can't do that this is business
lovely morning for it Ava
[Music]
put security around my family on high
alert
[Music]
you're not right I can see it in your
face your face is tight you're cold you
judge people judging is a sin
I'll keep having this dream really a
dream is a nightmare when Tomas here
when I was a kid
didn't you go to church here too forgive
me Father for I have sinned
what would you like to confess I have to
hurt someone
laughter hurt someone's severely
are you here for
[Music]
revenge Ont your church tonight we're
looking to use your hammer on that one
you're a stranger I mean you look like
you but you're not you
I know about rage Oh dare you
you remember when I was 12 months he
said to me you're not rye
I can see it in your face your face is
too high
ladies and gentlemen welcome to the show
[Music]
[Applause]
founded father
doubt a father got a lot for the
[Music]
started
this is Hamilton
[Music]
okay sexy thoughts wait free waffles did
I just say that out loud right sorry I
forgot at the store I couldn't remove
her all day I'm ready now I don't think
you are
just admit you're not into sex it's kind
of like your porn a phobic try saying
something racing you need to decide it's
me or the porn
[Music]
I want your hot throbbing you read love
just coming to check to make sure
everything's fine what what no no no I'm
just medicating cheating meditating wait
why do you look so good
I met someone so I made a sex to-do list
best breakup ever click question for you
you do Pilates or oh wow you know what
you really have turned over a new leaf
get a dance
don't you think it's a little bit out of
my league you're just afraid to get back
on the horse
it's like riding a bike or maybe a pogo
stick it's like one ghost and you might
Patrick Swayze
okay tell me everything I need to know
about you sure you want to know yeah
you're right it could be the end of
something good before it even starts no
it could be it's not of something good
that doesn't end that is corny
I just want to find out if this works
actually sir I've got it on right now
you mean you're wearing it now loose I
don't think you put erection cream on
your lips
[Music]
[Applause]
nice ho is brilliant Cantopop singer she
was huge in mainland China we would
always feel like she's the perfect Idol
the record companies they just didn't
know what to do and I wasn't ready to
conform to what they expected I was
pretty obvious with my songs and
everything they had concerns for people
around me and I started thinking maybe
they're small that I can focus to do
what's right than to worry about her own
stardom
[Applause]
[Music]
protesters mostly students are demanding
full democracy every phone caller no
matter what they do they could
potentially be sent to China where
there's no rule and repass that there's
no turning back
she was really with students on the
streets she didn't act like she was some
kind of superstar
she already knew the consequences if
you're not welcome in China nobody would
want to touch
first time in Hong Kong you see these
people fighting for something that they
believe and I was screaming
we're out and that's how we support her
here as well because I think she truly
represent Hong Kong and she is a true
Hong Kong
[Music]
you
it's a very simple man you just go in
there like regular to shop around like
regular and then we're gonna come in to
do the Costas thing like regular crowd
no guys don't kill me by if you stay
here I'll kill you listen man this is
about to be a robbery take these two
poses down with paper a tri-county area
it was gonna be knock you know what door
coming
Pinot Noir disease
you got a price on your head higher than
a blue ribbon baby to Smaug I didn't eat
the same so that's no way to make a deal
Tori ascribe to honor the star-spangled
banner in the event
we could be infamous Bandidos man oh boy
and where's your bags I was told we were
taking it all right
[Music]
but basicity vigilant on music videos
repealing it becomes homogeneous without
having ever even deeper melts under
their veils compromise comfort to reduce
our you're never having to remove is
ridiculous stowage a contiguous Papa
Villa member scoobadood I increase my
anaconda Heights doing traditional
Prescott you come home bar
Saturday morning on cupula Pacific
settled Rahman Pedrito navaja no phone
probably weather day
sparrowmon serpent Allah give hide you
know Kotaku is very Victor Scalia
mobility i'ma come to visit if you know
how colleges and I need to say a
modalities
[Music]
because she'll have our mother for
ceremony
vision photo opportunity
for primero Brussels
pretty boy
[Music]
oh she's like to inject a manatee it's a
harsher perfect
this is just people okay
possession
mr. Chief Justice and may it please the
court
the Secretary's decision rested on a
single assertion that don't do this
tomorrow have you argue difference
between court reporting
nearly 2,000 children have been
separated from their families money
hundreds of parents have just lost their
kids my job is to make sure the horror
of what's going on
stays front and center
even a punishment for abortion has to be
some form of punishment you can't be
serious
the government can't ban people from
accessing abortion
[Music]
this is the president's declaration of
like open season on trans people
transgenderism is a mental dysfunction
they want to erase trans people from
public life six states would lose a seat
in Congress it's all based on the census
kind of difficult to imagine higher
stakes you're a filthy organization
obviously most year pedophile
we are scrambling we've been actually
working up a challenge simra here
literally pulling my computer off of the
desk you're not gonna win every fine
just thinking on my own kids it's just
inconceivable
[Music]
people say why don't you go work at a
law firm I have this level of stress
riding on your shoulders we lose this
case I don't know what Roe versus Wade
means
President Trump wins will have to let
three minutes I can't go on right away
we will go back into court we will them
up all I've ever known how to do is
fight and so we just keep fighting
that's what we do we are here right now
if I'm not gonna be a civil rights
lawyer wait now in this moment
when
[Music]
she bought something
Stuart's got the still no eyes all
tsuzuku volumes to let you up your
children
[Music]
you